Welcome back to the recipe project.
We already added a lot of features to it,
now it's time to add services to it which will give us the possibility to greatly enhance this project.
Which services do we need?
Let's have a look at our application again,
this is the application the way it looks right now.
Now services allow us to centralize tasks, manage data in a central place and so on.
So we probably need a service for both feature areas, we will need a shopping list service and a recipe
service. The shopping list service managing our shopping list and we will also access it from the
recipe, from the recipe area because we want to add items to the shopping list from there
and well the recipe service, that will be responsible for managing our recipe, managing the data there
and so on.
So we'll use both services
and as always, the challenge for you, create both services. For now only create the files and try to find
places in our app structure where they just fit in
and thereafter, we will fill them with some life together.
So let's start together in the next section, try to create these files on your own.